
George Brown College is a public college in Canada
Famous Alumni in George Brown College:
    - Jana Abrams (1994)
    After several years of assisting talent agents Jana formed the Jana Abrams Talent Agency in conjunction with Creative Drive Artists Talent Agency.
    JATA was an immediate success and subsequently Jana Abrams was prompted to go solo in 2005

    - Victoria Adilman (1994)
    three seasons at the Stratford Festival, including Stratford tours to New York's Lincoln Centre

    North American and European tour of The Overcoat

    lead roles at Manitoba Theatre Centre, Canadian Stage Company

    film and television credits include: Train 48 (series regular), Puppets Who Kill, 1-800 – Missing, This is Wonderland, Forever Knight, Blue Murder, Prom Queen: The Marc Hall Story, Starhunter 2300

    starred in the Mirvish production, Dirty Dancing

George Brown College ranking in Canada
George Brown has once again ranked in the top ten for Canadian colleges when it comes to research activities. With many projects in motion last year,
we provided more than 1,000 students with important opportunities to work with industry partners and get experience solving real-world problems.

RESEARCH Inforsource Inc. produces annual rankings of the top Canadian research institutions and among colleges, for 2021 George Brown College ranked eighth in
overall research income. We also ranked fourth for the number of paid students and the number of completed projects.

“We are already starting to see how college-led research will be vital in social- and economic recovery post-pandemic,” says Dr. Krista Holmes, George Brown’s Associate Vice-President of Research & Innovation. “From physical and digital product development, to intelligently designed urban spaces, to sustainable textile manufacturing, to innovation in teaching and learning – George Brown can help to shape a new reality, with a better quality of life for everyone.”

Research during the 2020/21 academic year included projects that focused on improving the mental health of seniors in long-term care homes, promoting accessibility
in the workforce, and empowering community members to reshape the places they live, among many others.
